welcome folks to Koopas updated Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles collection today I
wanted to show you two customs that are
phenomenal as you see before you
these are two foot soldiers standing
beside crane take a closer look here at
the details of these foot soldiers they
are awesome custom foot soldiers and of
course in the middle here is crane this
is the original crane action figure that
came out in the 90s he looks great up
against the foot soldiers here also I
know you've seen my other posts which
features my custom shredder bebop and
rocksteady
now again these are phenomenal custom
action figures if you haven't seen this
video before I'll give you a close-up of
what they look like also you can see
here is a shredders communicator - crane
also below my crane Ian foot soldiers
are of course my Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles as you see here and in the back
of course this is Craig's body this also
is the original 90s crane which is a
great scale for the 6-inch Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles also if you've seen
my post before I have a custom leather
head which looks great looks like the
original leather head that came out in
the 90s take a closer look at
their head and also below him is also a
new custom figure that I have
and his name is Rat King now he's kind
of hard to see I'm trying to position
this iPad so you can get a closer look
at his face this is very difficult to do
he's hiding back there in the dark let
me see if I could get a closer look here
he has some of his rats here it's hard
to see but give you an idea of what Rat
King looks like in the dark
again this is Koopas Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles collections I have the
best collection that's out there thanks
again for tuning in to Koopas Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles collection